Version 1.1.0
Step 1
We already have the 6 rows with 5 blocks each. Now, when we click on a block, a settings dialog will open and we can edit the color, the lesson name, the class name and the school name. In the next step, if we click on a block, another page should be open (or a popup dialog) with a settings button on the top right corner, which will open the current settings dialog with the color, lesson name and so on. Inside the new page, we need two lists with text line items and text line subitems wich can be filled by the user (default is an empty list), items can be collapsed and expand again. There must be a button to add an item and a button to add an subitem to an selected item. The list on the right side is loaded from and saved to a jason file, the filename is the lesson name of the block combines with ".json". The left side list is loaded from and saved to a json file with filename combined by the lesson name and the school name of the block added with ".json". The path of all the files can be set inside the main hamburger menu and should be stored inside the prefs. The text line items in the left side list needs a status button and a status text on the left side of each text line with the states "Planned", "Working" and "Finished". The belonging status texts are "P", "W" and "F". Default is "Planned" and each click on the status button will switch the status text to the next status and back to "Planned". One more global button is needed to copy a text line item selected in the right side list into the left side list, above the left lists selected position or at the end of the list if no item is selected on the left side. Also there must be a button to copy a sub item from the right side list into a selected item on the left side list. Also the items and subitems on the left side list may be moved one row to the top, or one row to the button of the list. The subitems stay inside the item, if the item is moved. The sub items may be moved inside the parent item only.

Step 2
There is an exception, if i add subitems to an item: "UnsupportedError (Unsupported operation: Cannot add to an unmodifiable list)" in line 136 of the file lesson_detail_page.dart.
The text of each item and subitem must be editable by the user, with another click on a selected item / sub item or a double click or a separate button...

Step 3
The status button and text of the left list must be located at the subitem. Insert a space between the status text and the sub item text. Let the button color be green if the status is finished and otherwise yellow. The default after loading the list on the left side should be collapsed if all subitems of a item are on green and otherwise expanded. On the right side list, after loading, all items must be collapsed. Please move the copy buttons to the right list and make all the button and page strings translatable. Thank you!

Step 4
Please add a delete button to each line of the left and right list items. Good position is on the left side of the move up and down buttons. The right list is missing the up and down buttons at the item lines, only the sub item have this buttons. The current selected line is not realy visible in all cases, can we paint the selected line with a light gray background?
